Add E2E tests (#2)
Glovo/planning-poker: software-requiremenets-specification.md

## Glovo Planning Poker Project
## Software Requirements Specification

> ### 1.0

Reviewer: No need to put version / dates / authors. All this information is handled by GIT already (:

     
    06/06/2020
`**Made by 
  Grafi01234**`
  
  _Template from Guru99 course_
  

> #1. Introduction 

Reviewer: Be consistent with markdown formatting, use space to separate header format `#` from the header text.

```suggestion
# 1. Introduction 
```

The Glovo Planning Poker project aims to enable voting in Sprints.

> ##1.1 Purpose

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 1.1 Purpose
```

> The Purpose of this document is to outline the requirements for https://glovo-planning-poker.herokuapp.com/ website . This document will be used by all stakeholders including developers and testers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Purpose of this document is to outline the requirements for https://glovo-planning-poker.herokuapp.com/ website. This document will be used by all stakeholders including developers and testers.
```

##**1.2 Scope**
The scope of this project is limited to the testing of the features described in the succeeding sections of this document.

> Non-functional testing like stress,performance has a low significance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Non-functional testing like stress, performance has a low significance.
```

> Automatic testing is recommended

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Automatic testing is recommended.
```

> Functional testing & external interfaces  is recommended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Functional testing & external interfaces are recommended.
```

The Poker Planning site will be compatible with Chrome version 83.

> #**2. Specific Requirements**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# **2. Specific Requirements**
```

The Planning Poker will have 1 role:

> **User**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**User**.
```

> Following features/modules will be available for user:

Reviewer: Don't think this list is necessary since we're describing each feature in  table below. I suggest getting rid of it altogether.

+ Creating random Session
+ Creating Named Session
+ Joining other user Session

> + Add name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Changing user's name
```

+ Spectator Mode
+ Add Ticket

> + Clear

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Clearing current ticket and estimations
```

| Creating Named Session     | Possibility to create session with id with any chosen name                                                        |
| Joining other user Session | After entering the same session name as every other user and clicking Join, the player will join the shared page. |
| Add name                   | Adding a name results in displaying it in voting results                                                          |
| Spectator Mode             | Spectator should only be able to follow the vote without taking part                                              |
| Add Ticket                 | The name of the Ticket should be changed in real time to recognize what users are voting for                      |
| Clear                      | The ticket and votes should disappear                                                                             |
| Share Session link         | The mechanism of copying the current session id                                                                   |
| Show Votes                 | The game user can check the current votes                                                                         |

> | Voting                     | User can vote witch values : 0.5, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8. Also he can choose ∞ and ?.                                      |

Reviewer: Use gender-neutral language in documentation, e.g.:
```suggestion
| Voting                     | User can vote with values: 0.5, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8. Also they can choose ∞ and ?.                                      |
```

> | Median                     | The medina is shown based on the numerical votes of the players.                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Median                     | The median is shown based on the numerical votes of the players.                                                  |
```

| Average                    | The average is calculated from the numerical votes of the players.                                                |

> | All votes                  | The scoreboard represents voters and their votes                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| All votes                  | The scoreboard presents voters and their votes                                                                  |
```

#**3. Front End Details** 

> This section describes the Front end of Glovo Planning Poker site 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes the Front end of Glovo Planning Poker site.
```

**Main site**
+ Session ID text field
+ Join button
+ Create random button

**Planning Poker site**
+ Your name text field
+ Spectator? Check box
+ Ticket text box
+ Clear button
+ Show votes button
+ Share session link button
+ Current vote
+ Median table
+ Average table

> + 0.5 , 1,  2, 3, 5, 8, ∞, ? **voting buttons**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ 0.5, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, ∞, ? **voting buttons**
```

+ All votes table
##**3.1 Technical Requirements**
**Session ID:**

+ **T1** Session ID - Special character colon is not allowed.

**Your name:**

> + **T2**    Your name – Your name cannot be the same as other user in same session

Reviewer: It's OK to use `.` in listings but be consistent: either use it for each point or none.

```suggestion
+ **T2**    Your name – Your name cannot be the same as other user in same session.
```

> + **T3**    Your name – Your name must not be blank for voting

Reviewer: Same for en dashes / hyphens. Either is fine, just be consistent.

```suggestion
+ **T3**    Your name - Your name must not be blank for voting
```

+ **T4**    Your name - Special character colon is not allowed.

**Spectator? :**

> + **T5**    Spectator - Player name must not be empty should appear when clicking spec without name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ **T5**    Spectator - Player name is not shown in All Votes Table.
```

**Share session link:**

> + **T6**    Share session link - After clicking button change to : Link copied!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ **T6**    Share session link - After clicking button change to : Link copied!; after a few seconds it should change back to the initial text
```

**Median:**
+ **T7**    Median - Only shows after voting witch numeric.
+ **T8**    Median - Only shows when at least one player have name, is voting and he`s not in spectator mode.

**Average:**
+ **T9**    Average - Only shows after voting witch numeric.
+ **T10**   Average - Only shows when at least one player have name, is voting and he`s not in spectator mode.

**Voting buttons**
+ **T11**    Voting buttons - They should not work in Spectator mode.
+ **T12**    Voting buttons - They should not work with empty Your name text field.

**Ticket**
+ **T13**    Ticket - Special character colon is not allowed.

**All votes:**
+ **T14**  All votes - Only shows when at least one player have name and he`s not in spectator mode.
+ **T15**  All votes - table should not show Spectators voices.

**Clear**
+ **T16** Clear button - should purge ticket name

> + **T17** Clear button - should leave "..." in the summary of voting next to the name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ **T17** Clear button - should replace "..." with "?" in the summary of voting next to the name
```

**ShowVotes**
+ **T18** Show votes - Name must be given.

##3.2 Non-Functional Requirements
+ It is able to process 1000 requests / s

> + Can handle up to 100 users sessions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Can simultaneously handle up to 100 users sessions
```

##3.3 Design Constraints
Site should be simple and easy to use, it should be easily accessible and perform its function quickly.

#4. Change Management Process

> Changes to the SRS either from the development, testing team or the client side will be communicated to the Jezorko.

Reviewer: To the Jezorko lol :D
We can remove this line (;

> Any change made to the SRS will require a sign off  Jezorko.

Reviewer: Handled by PR / protected branches, no need to specify that.

> Once approved changed will be made to the SRS and the new SRS will be circulated to all stakeholders

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once approved changes will be made to the SRS and the new SRS will be circulated to all stakeholders
```
